For portability reasons(Shipyard Rebuilt requires this mod), I'm moving files here that aren't actually sourced from me, despite the name of the mod itself.  I do not intend that to imply I am the source for all assets present here.  It may be a bit confusing in that this mod adds content of my own making, but also 

I believe I have full attribution listed in my Shipyard Rebuilt mod already, so look there.  And I intentionally didn't copy recipies over, so you still need the Shipyard Rebuild mod to actually craft these things.  So as to avoid making it look like they are my things.

The Vepr ship is the same way.  The assets are here, but you don't really access the contents without that mod.  I was also intending on copying over assets from the Avali alternate ship(probably) so I can add that to the Shipyard.  I may do this update without changing this file (because I forgot) so I'm mentioning that now.  It is a sort of issue where I can't add a ship using assets that some users might not have - so they all need to have it.  But again I wasn't going to include recipies etc so people still have a reason to download/subscribe to that mod as well.  Not trying to steal thunder/credit/etc - just make a better modding experience for people using mods.

In any case this move means that multiplayer servers would only need THIS MOD to support those who have a Vepr ship and/or Shipyard - yet without forcing these ships on others (especially because this mod lacks /universe_server.config.patch).  Still users of any should not upgrade except on single player.  That's the best balance I think I can strike unless anyone has a better suggestion.

As of the last update (previous to any future plans) I would have some stuff from - 

eLe - The original T9 ships
simulatoralive - original shipyard mod.
  - I ended up remaking it from scratch, but wouldn't have attempted this without his previous work
ProkhorVLG - The beautiful Vepr ship
lornlynx - This does have Automatic Doors code in it.
  - Maybe this is an odd attribution considering it is a total rewrire of my doing now.  Still I wouldn't have started on that without the original he wrote, and that lead to other things for me.

Hopefully I'm not forgetting anyone?